Meeting Free Weeks Tickets/dm 34594 (#525)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: team/meeting-free-weeks.rst

##################
Meeting Free Weeks
##################

DM will observe  several **Meeting Free Weeks** each year. 

Meeting Free Weeks 2022
=======================

> The DM Focus weeks will be - June 13 - 17 - September 19 - 23 - December 26 - Jan 9

Reviewer: Consistency needed here, too.
```suggestion
The DM Meeting Free weeks will be: June 13 - 17, September 19 - 23, and December 26 - Jan 9
```

Guidelines
==========
The driver for meeting free weeks is similar to :doc:`focus-friday`. 
We wish to allow staff a block of time without meetings such they can focus on a specific task or take personal time.  

> These periods do not stipulate the more stringent slack rules that :doc:`focus-friday` does. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These periods do not stipulate the more stringent Slack rules that :doc:`focus-friday` does. 
```
